Hi, my name is Allison Woods and I am the maker of The Super Glitches!

In these I only used pictures of superhero women, such as Storm, Starfire, Wonder Woman, Gwen Stacy, and Valkyrie.  
I created my glitches to represent how women superheros are often distorted by the media that surrounds them.  
By creating this project, I have made that practice into a physical artform that can be seen and not just heard about.
On my Pinterest board are 18 glitches in all, I had tried many more pictures of superhero women but 
those photos did not end up turning out that well compared to those ones I have selected to show on my board.



In order to see the glitches in the format that best suits them together, here is a link to my Pinterest board:  

https://www.pinterest.com/AdriaticNight/glitch-art/


I placed wonder woman front and center because I felt that she was important to showcase and I 
placed the inverted picture of her below to create a cool reflective look.  Gwen is on the top right to complement how it seems she is 
swinging from that direction into frame.  Starfire on the top left felt important to show right when someone clicks on the board so i 
wanted her seen but not front and center.  I also feel that she balances out Gwen nicely.  I placed Starfire's trippy blue, green, and
purple photo below and to the left of Gwen to have their colors close (as they complement each other) but not right next to each other
(as the scene would begin to look too busy and crowded.  I have Starfire's wavy pattern on the far left of this one to balance out the two 
pictures.  I used this same technique with Storms photos where she is levitating in the wind 2nd to the bottom in the left middle and 
far right.


In order to have the best layout I needed pictures that were smaller and could maneuver between the bigger pieces.  This is where those 
come in, I made sure to place them where the colors would not clash and instead would help guide the onlooker's eyes where 
I wanted them to go.  The second Starfire photo akin to the one in the top left is far towards the bottom and is on a vertical slant 
with the one above.  This is to create some more variety within the piece to make sure that similar pictures are next to each other
and never make the other look bad by placing.  Same goes for Gwen's photo on the bottom left and top right.  

Finally, I decided to have the static picture be on the bottom middle to bring all the photos together without stealing the show for itself,
hence, why it's on the bottom.  A picture of wonder woman with cooler static colors is close by to complement this.

I am really very proud of how they came out.  The code was very tricky to figure out 
but I was able to work with a few other students and together we found the errors that we were making.


I was hoping to achieve a nice balance between the pieces, distorted work that added to the pictures, and made people think about how
women superheroes are treated and distorted by people.
My design process was to create a lot of change on a single picture, export it, then see if it was to my liking, I'd then backspace
and export every picture with one less filter/thing done to it to see which i liked best.  Many times I did this and created nothing
that I liked so I had to start over with new changes and perhaps a new picture.  I liked experimenting with the command line and seeing
how much I can make a picture look different from its intended appearance.  I liked editing it with various number from 9 to 9000, along
with the other elements such as -a or threshold and such.
